[RUM-14608] Built plugin micro frontend documentation (#34633)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/application_monitoring/browser/advanced_configuration.mdoc.md

```
{% /if %}

The regular expression must match your application's file path structure. Adjust the pattern to extract service and version from your bundle URLs. Any query in the RUM Explorer can use the service attribute to filter events.
<!-- ends  5.22 -->

### Limitations

Some events cannot be attributed to an origin because they do not have an associated handling stack:

-   Action events collected automatically
-   Resource events other than XHR and Fetch
-   View events collected automatically
-   CORS and CSP violations

### Explore micro frontend data in Datadog

After setup, the `service` and `version` on RUM events identify which micro frontend generated each event. Use these attributes in several places in Datadog:

> -   **Side panels**: The `service` and `version` attribute appears in the session, view, error, resource, action, and long task side panels in the RUM Explorer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **Side panels**: The `service` and `version` attributes appear in the session, view, error, resource, action, and long task side panels in the RUM Explorer.
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> The Browser SDK automatically enriches RUM events (errors, custom actions, XHR/Fetch resources) with `service` and `version` from the context map.

Author: Yes, added long tasks and vitals
